This contains all the code I used to make these animations. I'll describe a bit how each of the files work and the main logic behind them. 

CannonLauncher
  The cannon launcher is not a very fitting name (it once outputted something that looks like that buts its gone under many revisions). The relies on changing the size
  of the particles via a periodic function. This function has a trigonometric componenet to ensure the size values are fixed and they have a smooth change. Each point is
  offsetted such that they go through different points of this function based on their position. To change the color, perlin noise has been implemented to randomly change 
  color of the stroke such that it is random, but not very jarring. 

Reaction-Diffusion Models
  There are three files based on the reaction-diffusion models. Each file employs the grey scott model and feature 2 second order PDEs modelling the diffusion and 
  reaction of species A and B. The paramters these second order PDEs take are the  current concentration of A and B, diffusion constants, how much A and B moved from 
  each cell (laplacian calculation), kill rate, and feed rate. The kill rate represents how much B is taken out while the feed rate is how much A is put into the system
  A simplified Euler's method was applied to estimate the laplacian of the PDE based on preset parameters that have been identified by this website: 
  https://karlsims.com/rd.html. Initially, Reactant B is randomly distributed throughout the canvas in small quantities with 
  reactant A taking up the rest of the matrix. The code constantly updates the concentrations of A and B in the cells based on the second order PDEs. 

  ConstantFeedandKill
      Kept Kill rate and Feed rate constant. Most reaction-diffusion models I've seen implement this, so I used this to cross check my model. 
  KillandFeedRatioChangedViaInterpolation
      Changed the kill and feed ratio via interpolation to simulate variation in feed rates found in chemical processes. It is linearly dependent.
  KillandFeedRatioChangedViaNoise
      Added Noise to calculate the variation in feed and kill rates to better simulate variations in these rates of chemical processes. 

LavaLampParticles
  The properties of each of the particles are stored in 2d arrays. Since each particles intiial position is identified by which row and column they are in, that 
  was the most convenient. Properties stored include the positions, velocities, color, and size value. Initially the positions and velocities
  of the particles are generated via a random function due to not needing noise. The color and size of the particles are changed via noise to ensure a smooth variation
  between the values during the animations. Since the velocities are constant, the position is updated via this function (future implementations might include an acceleration
  paramter to adjust via perlin noise). Using the initial random noise value, the color and size change based on the Perlin noise function and are constained between set
  paramters to control the color and size change of each particle.

MovingFields
  The moving Fields Logic is all based around the center of each field. The points along the center of each field form an X pattern where the animation takes place. 
  Each Field is stored in its own class to pass off values calculated in each field to the points (also defined as a class). Each position of the field is initialized
  via a random function. A field is defined by two diagonals that change in properties with respect to time. The field passes on the values calculated in the updated 
  function to each particle in the domain. Both the center and angle of rotation are controlled via perlin noise in the update function. A for loop updates all the positions
  of each point in a field based on the calculated perlin noise movement and rotations. This is then applied to each field and updated accordingly. 

KineticCollisionModelling
  The kinetic collision model I have created can only model single speciies collisions in either first or second order reactions. Each particle is initialized with 
  a random velocity and basic elastic collision mechanics have been implemented that trigger when the particles collide. The chance for conversion is randomized but follows
  a pattern based on the conversion kinetics (first or second order kinetics). The algorithm calculates an expected conversion that we should expect at any given time to 
  nudge the conversion chance to model the kinetics. For example, if we have very high concentration of reactants, we want the rate to be higher than if we had a lower
  amount of reactants. A random conversion chance wouldn't accurately model what we want unless we change it in retrospect to match the model. This allows for 
  higher order kinetics to be modelled. 
  
